OSDOCS-17818 [NETOBSERV] New Feature: Service Deployment Model (#104657)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/network-observability-architecture.adoc

image::network-observability-architecture.png[Network Observability eBPF export architecture]

There are three deployment model options for the Network Observability Operator:

Service deployment model::
When the `spec.deploymentModel` field in the `FlowCollector` resource is set to `Service`, agents are deployed per node as daemon sets. The `flowlogs-pipeline` is a standard deployment with a service. You can scale the `flowlogs-pipeline` component by using the `spec.processor.consumerReplicas` field.
+

> The Network Observability Operator does not manage Loki; you must install it separately by using the {loki-op}. Similarly, you must manage Prometheus or any custom receivers independently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Network Observability Operator does not manage Loki or other data stores; you must install Loki and/or Kafka separately by using the {loki-op} and {kafka-op} respectively. Similarly, you must manage Prometheus or any custom receivers independently.
```
Could the data stores can be added here and removed from L30? Would that look better?

Author: Oh good point. Hrm...I made it a NOTE before the deployment model descriptions, and removed it from line 25 and line 30. Then it doesn't repeat for each deployment model.

Reviewer: I edited the original comment to include the stuff about Kafka and removed `it`. Maybe you missed that or is that not needed?
